README.md, before:

# Hashink API

## Current endpoints

**Test:** https://hashink-api-test.herokuapp.com/


## Database schema

![alt text](https://github.com/HashInk/api/blob/develop/static/db_schema.jpeg?raw=true)


## Available methods

### Signer methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | signer | /api/signer/ | Retrieve active signers list | -
GET | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id]/ | Retrieve signer detail | -
GET | signer | /api/signer/all/ | Retrieve signer and groups mixed list | -
POST | signer | /api/signer/ | Create a new signer | first_name, last_name, email, address, price, response_time, avatar (binary), autograph (binary)
PATCH | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id] | Update a signer | Field to update
DELETE | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id] | Delete a signer | -

### Groupsig methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | groupsig | /api/groupsig/ | Retrieve active groups of signers list | -
GET | groupsig | /api/groupsig/[groupsig_id]/ | Retrieve groupsig detail | -
POST | groupsig | /api/groupsig/ | Create a new groupsig | name, price, response_time, avatar (binary)
PATCH | groupsig | /api/groupsig/[groupsig_id] | Update a groupsig | Field to update
DELETE | groupsig | /api/groupsig/[groupsig_id] | Delete a groupsig | -

### Request methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | request | /api/request/ | Retrieve requests list | -
GET | request | /api/request/[request_id]/ | Retrieve request detail | -
GET | request | /api/request/?requester_address__iexact=[requester_address] | Retrieve requests list by requester address | -
POST | request | /api/request/ | Create a new request for a single signer | requester_address, signer_id
POST | request | /api/request/ | Create a new request for a group of signers (groupsig) | requester_address, groupsig_id
DELETE | request | /api/request/[request_id] | Delete a request | -

### Category methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | category | /api/category/ | Retrieve categories flat list | -
GET | category | /api/category/tree/ | Retrieve categories tree list | -
GET | category | /api/category/[category_id]/ | Retrieve category detail with signers | -
POST | category | /api/category/add_to_signer/[category_id]/[signer_id]/ | Add category to signer | -
DELETE | category | /api/category/delete_from_signer/[category_id]/[signer_id]/ | Remove category from signer | -

### Autograph methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | autograph | /api/autograph/owner/[requester_address]/ | Retrieve autographs by requester | -
GET | autograph | /api/autograph/signer/[signer_address]/ | Retrieve autographs by signer | -

Commit message:

Created function to increment number of prints for a signer

README.md, after:

# Hashink API

## Current endpoints

**Test:** https://hashink-api-test.herokuapp.com/


## Database schema

![alt text](https://github.com/HashInk/api/blob/develop/static/db_schema.jpeg?raw=true)


## Available methods

### Signer methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | signer | /api/signer/ | Retrieve active signers list | -
GET | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id]/ | Retrieve signer detail | -
GET | signer | /api/signer/all/ | Retrieve signer and groups mixed list | -
POST | signer | /api/signer/ | Create a new signer | first_name, last_name, email, address, price, response_time, avatar (binary), autograph (binary)
PATCH | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id] | Update a signer | Field to update
DELETE | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id] | Delete a signer | -
PATCH | signer | /api/signer/[signer_id]/print/ | Increments number of prints for a signer | -

### Groupsig methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | groupsig | /api/groupsig/ | Retrieve active groups of signers list | -
GET | groupsig | /api/groupsig/[groupsig_id]/ | Retrieve groupsig detail | -
POST | groupsig | /api/groupsig/ | Create a new groupsig | name, price, response_time, avatar (binary)
PATCH | groupsig | /api/groupsig/[groupsig_id] | Update a groupsig | Field to update
DELETE | groupsig | /api/groupsig/[groupsig_id] | Delete a groupsig | -

### Request methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | request | /api/request/ | Retrieve requests list | -
GET | request | /api/request/[request_id]/ | Retrieve request detail | -
GET | request | /api/request/?requester_address__iexact=[requester_address] | Retrieve requests list by requester address | -
POST | request | /api/request/ | Create a new request for a single signer | requester_address, signer_id
POST | request | /api/request/ | Create a new request for a group of signers (groupsig) | requester_address, groupsig_id
DELETE | request | /api/request/[request_id] | Delete a request | -

### Category methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | category | /api/category/ | Retrieve categories flat list | -
GET | category | /api/category/tree/ | Retrieve categories tree list | -
GET | category | /api/category/[category_id]/ | Retrieve category detail with signers | -
POST | category | /api/category/add_to_signer/[category_id]/[signer_id]/ | Add category to signer | -
DELETE | category | /api/category/delete_from_signer/[category_id]/[signer_id]/ | Remove category from signer | -

### Autograph methods

Method | Entity | URL | Remarks | Parameters
------ | ------ | --- | ------- | ----------
GET | autograph | /api/autograph/owner/[requester_address]/ | Retrieve autographs by requester | -
GET | autograph | /api/autograph/signer/[signer_address]/ | Retrieve autographs by signer | -
